updated the file system documentation link (#816)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/tools/debugging.md

## Viewing log files

> CiviCRM's log files are stored in the `ConfigAndLog` directory within CiviCRM's local file storage (see [the File System documentation](https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/framework/filesystem) for details on your CMS).  Most runtime errors are logged here, as well as data that you explicitly write to log using the `CRM_Core_Error::debug log=true` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CiviCRM's log files are stored in the `ConfigAndLog` directory within CiviCRM's local file storage (see [the File System documentation](/dev/en/latest/framework/filesystem) for details specific to your CMS).  Most runtime errors are logged here, as well as data that you explicitly write to log using the `CRM_Core_Error::debug log=true` parameter.
```
